README.md, before:

# DSA-LeetCode
A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0031-next-permutation](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0031-next-permutation) |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0039-combination-sum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0039-combination-sum) |
| [0040-combination-sum-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0040-combination-sum-ii) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0053-maximum-subarray](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0053-maximum-subarray) |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0136-single-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0136-single-number) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0540-single-element-in-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0540-single-element-in-a-sorted-array) |
| [0560-subarray-sum-equals-k](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0560-subarray-sum-equals-k) |
| [0882-peak-index-in-a-mountain-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0882-peak-index-in-a-mountain-array) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
| [1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [2432-number-of-zero-filled-subarrays](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/2432-number-of-zero-filled-subarrays) |
| [3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values) |
| [3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected) |
| [3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii) |
| [3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0560-subarray-sum-equals-k](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0560-subarray-sum-equals-k) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0900-reordered-power-of-2](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0900-reordered-power-of-2) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
| [3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0053-maximum-subarray](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0053-maximum-subarray) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0900-reordered-power-of-2](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0900-reordered-power-of-2) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0900-reordered-power-of-2](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0900-reordered-power-of-2) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0050-powx-n](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0050-powx-n) |
| [0231-power-of-two](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0231-power-of-two) |
| [0867-new-21-game](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0867-new-21-game) |
| [0900-reordered-power-of-2](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0900-reordered-power-of-2) |
| [2432-number-of-zero-filled-subarrays](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/2432-number-of-zero-filled-subarrays) |
| [3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values) |
| [3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0031-next-permutation](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0031-next-permutation) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0908-middle-of-the-linked-list](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0908-middle-of-the-linked-list) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0136-single-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0136-single-number) |
| [0231-power-of-two](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0231-power-of-two) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0053-maximum-subarray](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0053-maximum-subarray) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
| [0867-new-21-game](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0867-new-21-game) |
| [1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
| [0050-powx-n](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0050-powx-n) |
| [0206-reverse-linked-list](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0206-reverse-linked-list) |
| [0231-power-of-two](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0231-power-of-two) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0867-new-21-game](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0867-new-21-game) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0540-single-element-in-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0540-single-element-in-a-sorted-array) |
| [0882-peak-index-in-a-mountain-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0882-peak-index-in-a-mountain-array) |
| [3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii) |
| [3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii) |
## Segment Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii) |
| [3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring) |
| [3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii) |
## Ordered Set
|  |
| ------- |
| [3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii) |
| [3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii) |
## Enumeration
|  |
| ------- |
| [0900-reordered-power-of-2](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0900-reordered-power-of-2) |
## Probability and Statistics
|  |
| ------- |
| [0867-new-21-game](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0867-new-21-game) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0039-combination-sum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0039-combination-sum) |
| [0040-combination-sum-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0040-combination-sum-ii) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0560-subarray-sum-equals-k](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0560-subarray-sum-equals-k) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
## Queue
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Monotonic Queue
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
| [0206-reverse-linked-list](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0206-reverse-linked-list) |
| [0908-middle-of-the-linked-list](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0908-middle-of-the-linked-list) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

3461-FIND-THE-MINIMUM-AREA-TO-COVER-ALL-ONES-I Stats: Time: 262 ms (45.37%), Space: 133.4 MB (86.9%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# DSA-LeetCode
A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0031-next-permutation](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0031-next-permutation) |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0039-combination-sum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0039-combination-sum) |
| [0040-combination-sum-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0040-combination-sum-ii) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0053-maximum-subarray](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0053-maximum-subarray) |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0136-single-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0136-single-number) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0540-single-element-in-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0540-single-element-in-a-sorted-array) |
| [0560-subarray-sum-equals-k](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0560-subarray-sum-equals-k) |
| [0882-peak-index-in-a-mountain-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0882-peak-index-in-a-mountain-array) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
| [1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [2432-number-of-zero-filled-subarrays](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/2432-number-of-zero-filled-subarrays) |
| [3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values) |
| [3461-find-the-minimum-area-to-cover-all-ones-i](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3461-find-the-minimum-area-to-cover-all-ones-i) |
| [3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected) |
| [3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii) |
| [3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0560-subarray-sum-equals-k](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0560-subarray-sum-equals-k) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0900-reordered-power-of-2](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0900-reordered-power-of-2) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
| [3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0053-maximum-subarray](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0053-maximum-subarray) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0900-reordered-power-of-2](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0900-reordered-power-of-2) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0900-reordered-power-of-2](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0900-reordered-power-of-2) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0050-powx-n](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0050-powx-n) |
| [0231-power-of-two](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0231-power-of-two) |
| [0867-new-21-game](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0867-new-21-game) |
| [0900-reordered-power-of-2](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0900-reordered-power-of-2) |
| [2432-number-of-zero-filled-subarrays](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/2432-number-of-zero-filled-subarrays) |
| [3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3227-find-missing-and-repeated-values) |
| [3461-find-the-minimum-area-to-cover-all-ones-i](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3461-find-the-minimum-area-to-cover-all-ones-i) |
| [3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0031-next-permutation](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0031-next-permutation) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0908-middle-of-the-linked-list](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0908-middle-of-the-linked-list) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0136-single-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0136-single-number) |
| [0231-power-of-two](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0231-power-of-two) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0053-maximum-subarray](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0053-maximum-subarray) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
| [0867-new-21-game](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0867-new-21-game) |
| [1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1402-count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3648-find-the-maximum-number-of-fruits-collected) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
| [0050-powx-n](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0050-powx-n) |
| [0206-reverse-linked-list](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0206-reverse-linked-list) |
| [0231-power-of-two](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0231-power-of-two) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0867-new-21-game](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0867-new-21-game) |
| [0940-fruit-into-baskets](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0940-fruit-into-baskets) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0540-single-element-in-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0540-single-element-in-a-sorted-array) |
| [0882-peak-index-in-a-mountain-array](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0882-peak-index-in-a-mountain-array) |
| [3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii) |
| [3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii) |
## Segment Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii) |
| [3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring) |
| [3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii) |
## Ordered Set
|  |
| ------- |
| [3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3790-fruits-into-baskets-ii) |
| [3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/3791-fruits-into-baskets-iii) |
## Enumeration
|  |
| ------- |
| [0900-reordered-power-of-2](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0900-reordered-power-of-2) |
## Probability and Statistics
|  |
| ------- |
| [0867-new-21-game](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0867-new-21-game) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0039-combination-sum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0039-combination-sum) |
| [0040-combination-sum-ii](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0040-combination-sum-ii) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0560-subarray-sum-equals-k](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0560-subarray-sum-equals-k) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
| [2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/2021-remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/1628-count-submatrices-with-all-ones) |
## Queue
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Monotonic Queue
|  |
| ------- |
| [0239-sliding-window-maximum](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0239-sliding-window-maximum) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
| [0206-reverse-linked-list](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0206-reverse-linked-list) |
| [0908-middle-of-the-linked-list](https://github.com/akshayrathore11/DSA-LeetCode/tree/master/0908-middle-of-the-linked-list) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
